Tell about your career journey
What is your AWS experience?
What did you do in AWS migration?
What are the challenges you faced during migration?
Once the AWS infra is ready for migration what are the steps you perform in cutover phase?
Before AWS work, they also asked about architecture question from my past experience which is mentioned in resume.
Tell me something about yourself.
What are the biggest challenges you have faced in the past and how did you mitigate it.
What is AWS CNF & MGN explain the process carried out for large scale server migrations.
AWS DMS service and how to integrate it.
Focus on questions related to previous employment and projects.
Security best practices which needs to be kept in mind while carrying out MGN.
Focus on STAR methodology while answering every question.
Overall experience
Explain end-to-end process of how MS SQL migration works from on-prem to Public Cloud/Private cloud (more based on my experience)
How would you plan a cutover for MS SQL and how was the storage migrated
How do you ensure sanity testing after a DB migration
Explain the experience in Terraform and where i have used it
Explain on the gitops tools i have used
Explain one recent scenario where customer was not happy about something and how did you mitigate it?
How DB backups are taken and how to recover DB in case of failover 
AWS migration : aws migration service , aws database migration service, 
how networking differ from aws outspots to parent region
Eks cluster  upgrade management. 
Eks cluster  deployment using manifests , rollbacks 
how to prevent Dataloss during migration,
how do we handle  stateful apps with db on aws outspots
how do we approach application discovery and dependency mapping before migration.
🔹 Migration Strategy
What is lift-and-shift migration?
What is the lift-and-shift migration process?
What are the challenges in lift-and-shift migration?
🔹 Database Migration
How to migrate a database to AWS?
How to map database size correctly and verify it?
How to size CPU and memory for database migration?
How to make the database primary during migration?
How does database cutover and rollback work?
What is the rollback strategy for database migration?
🔹 Application & Cutover
How to handle application deployment during cutover?
How to identify dependencies between applications?
How to make sure application dependencies work after migration?
🔹 Kubernetes / EKS
How to monitor EKS?
How to monitor the EKS control plane?
🔹 Infrastructure as Code
What should be the Terraform structure in GitLab pipeline for migration?
How to provision full architecture using Terraform during migration?
What Is AWS Application Migration Service? - Application Migration Service
AWS Application Migration Service simplifies and expedites migration of applications from virtual, cloud, and physical servers to AWS.